what's going on guys only tezi here I
have a new glitch to show you a meme
FedEx found this quite a few days ago
and I did record it last night but
stupid me forgot to plug my mic in as
you can tell from fedexes video on this
glitch and you can hear the in the
background whoopsie anyway I'm doing
this glitch today with my friend cog say
hi cog hello so yeah this glitch is that
the Los Santos customs I will show you
where it is on the map it's basically
the one where everybody goes to so it's
not too far and then is pretty cool so
cog if we'd like to drive the air the
ambulance I usually usually go for the
ambulance because is easy to find you
just have to dial nine-one-one and call
the paramedics but you can use any
vehicle that you can get into the back
of and obviously when you do the glitch
don't forget to obviously hold up on the
left analog stick and press Y before you
even get to the part where you're going
to jump out of so when you're ready :
let's go right hold on on the
professional professional okay and hook
forward and there you go
right I'm inside the glitch so when you
actually get inside be careful not to
obviously poor for it a lot cuz you will
fall down but if you shoot the floor you
can actually see where you can actually
go
nobody can shoot you in this glitch but
I can actually shoot people out but
because cog doesn't want me to obviously
a kill him because he doesn't want to
get rid of bounty I'm gonna show you I'm
gonna shoot them on the foot in you in
it and I'm gonna kill you straight away
there you go so you can shoot people out
here I just like it what car I'm gonna
build that car over there since uh your
personal wins over there I know but yeah
you can shoot any guns out which is
pretty cool where you go
I'm here so yeah you can fallout is easy
to get to you don't have to kill
yourself
such an easy glitch to get into you're
right they're all in your pink and stuff
even though look at me I don't wanna be
a stereotypes is uh you know an
independent woman or anything happens
gonna be pink hey it's gonna be pink
I like purple and pink so I'm no hate it
yeah damn right hmm well anyway guys
yeah anyway guys I'm gonna end up a shot
video there I hope you enjoy it and have
fun so don't forget to Like subscribe
and comment and I will catch you in my
next one see that guy